fix grammar errors and update docs to use singular they -Do Not Merge Yet (#528)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/tagging-and-assessment-in-advanced-ediscovery.md

In the absence of statistically based stabilization, there will be results with a lower level of accuracy and confidence level. However, these results can be used to find relevant files when you do not need to know the percentage of relevant files found. Similarly, this status can be used to train issues with low richness, where Relevance scores can accelerate access to files relevant to a specific issue.
  
> [!TIP]

> > In the **Relevance \> Track** tab, expanded issue display, the following viewing options are available: > The recommended next step, such as **Next step: Tagging** can be bypassed (per issue) by clicking the **Modify** button to its right, and then selecting a different step in the **Next step**. When the assessment progress indicator has not completed, assessment will be the next recommended option, to tag more assessment files and increase statistics accuracy. > You can change the error margin and assess its impact, by clicking **Modify**, and in the **Assessment level dialog**, changing the **Target error margin for recall estimates**, and clicking **Update values**. Also, in this dialog, you can view advanced options, by clicking **Advanced**. > You can view additional assessment level statistics and their impact by clicking **View**. In the displayed Detail results dialog, statistics are available per issue, when there are at least 500 tagged assessment files and at least 18 files are tagged as Relevant for the issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In the **Relevance \> Track** tab, expanded issue display, the following viewing options are available: > The recommended next step, such as **Next step: Tagging** can be bypassed (per issue) by clicking the **Modify** button to its right and then selecting a different step in the **Next step**. When the assessment progress indicator has not completed, assessment will be the next recommended option to tag more assessment files and increase statistics accuracy. > You can change the error margin and assess its impact by clicking **Modify** and in the **Assessment level dialog** changing the **Target error margin for recall estimates** and clicking **Update values**. You can also view advanced options in the dialogue box by clicking **Advanced**. > You can view additional assessment level statistics and their impact by clicking **View**. In the displayed Detail results dialog, statistics are available per issue when there are at least 500 tagged assessment files and at least 18 files are tagged as Relevant for the issue. 
```
